A linked list of length `n` is given such that each node contains an additional random pointer, which could point to any node in the list, or `null`.

Construct a [**deep copy**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object_copying#Deep_copy) of the list. The deep copy should consist of exactly `n` **brand new** nodes, where each new node has its value set to the value of its corresponding original node. Both the `next` and `random` pointer of the new nodes should point to new nodes in the copied list such that the pointers in the original list and copied list represent the same list state. **None of the pointers in the new list should point to nodes in the original list**.

For example, if there are two nodes `X` and `Y` in the original list, where `X.random --> Y`, then for the corresponding two nodes `x` and `y` in the copied list, `x.random --> y`.

Return _the head of the copied linked list_.

The linked list is represented in the input/output as a list of `n` nodes. Each node is represented as a pair of `[val, random_index]` where:

- `val`: an integer representing `Node.val`
- `random_index`: the index of the node (range from `0` to `n-1`) that the `random` pointer points to, or `null` if it does not point to any node.

Your code will **only** be given the `head` of the original linked list.

複製一條Linked List，其中Linked List包含一個新的data member random指標。random指標可能指向任何一個節點或是nullptr。

Brute Force

讓新建的List random和原先的List random一樣的方法是用map把新舊節點對應。

之所以不能One Pass的理由是random會指向List中任意節點，所以有可能random就會指向一個還未被建立的節點，因此要等到新List建完、新舊節點對應完才能處理random。

```cpp

```