Implement the `myAtoi(string s)` function, which converts a string to a 32-bit signed integer (similar to C/C++'s `atoi` function).

The algorithm for `myAtoi(string s)` is as follows:

1.  Read in and ignore any leading whitespace.
2.  Check if the next character (if not already at the end of the string) is `'-'` or `'+'`. Read this character in if it is either. This determines if the final result is negative or positive respectively. Assume the result is positive if neither is present.
3.  Read in next the characters until the next non-digit character or the end of the input is reached. The rest of the string is ignored.
4.  Convert these digits into an integer (i.e. `"123" -> 123`, `"0032" -> 32`). If no digits were read, then the integer is `0`. Change the sign as necessary (from step 2).
5.  If the integer is out of the 32-bit signed integer range `[-231, 231 - 1]`, then clamp the integer so that it remains in the range. Specifically, integers less than `-231` should be clamped to `-231`, and integers greater than `231 - 1` should be clamped to `231 - 1`.
6.  Return the integer as the final result.

**Note:**

-   Only the space character `' '` is considered a whitespace character.
-   **Do not ignore** any characters other than the leading whitespace or the rest of the string after the digits.

實作將字串轉成int型別函數atoi，題目只需要考慮符號跟數字就好。

解1. BruteForce

流程

開頭是空白先過濾掉，接著判斷符號，判斷完符號後每增長一位乘以10 + 當位結果
如果上次結果已經會溢位就判斷符號決定回傳MAX或MIN

$TC=O(n)\quad SC=O(1)$

```cpp
int myAtoi(string s) {
        int i=0,sign=1,ans=0;
        while(s[i]==' ')i++;
        
        if(s[i]=='-'){
            sign=-1;
            i++;
        }
        else if(s[i]=='+'){
            i++;
        }
        while(s[i]>='0' && s[i]<='9'){
            if(ans>INT_MAX/10 ||(ans==INT_MAX/10 && s[i]-'0'>7)){
                if(sign==-1)return INT_MIN;
                else return INT_MAX;
            }
            ans=ans*10+(s[i++]-'0');
        }
        return sign*ans;
    }
```